# Notebook
## "Clipped" assignment
I decided to use Rust to complete this assignment. I made this decision because I have enjoyed working with Rust a great deal more than any other programming language during my Rust Web Dev class in the Spring, but I haven't yet had the opportunity to work with audio. I imagine that later work in this course will involve working with audio in real-time, and I'd like to be speaking a language as performant and system-level as Rust once we get there. This assignment provided a good opportunity to familiarize myself with a more abstracted version of the standard low-level Rust audio library, CPAL, in the form of Hound. Hound was super painless to work with and allowed me to get right to the details of implementing the assignment without worrying about the details of encoding/playback/WAV technicalities etc.

## Course Project
When thinking of a course project, I knew I wanted to create some sort of audio processing program/plugin rather than an instrument or sequencer. As someone who creates music digitally in my spare time, I already have reliable programs that can produce the sounds I want or sequence notes in an intuitive way to me, however I feel a lot more creative when imagining the possibilities that various audio processing techniques hold. 
For the past few months, I've been enjoying experimenting with the distortion plugins included in my DAW of choice, Ableton, as well as some third-party plugins (like Trash 2). One particularly evocative feature of sound processing that I've encountered here has been introducing DC offset right before a distortion plugin. With this technique, I'm able to create the gritty, powerful sounds I enjoy. To this point, I've been using "hack-y" techniques to introduce DC offset, like Ableton's Saturator plugin and EQ-ing a particular band before putting it through a delay effect with extremely short delay time and high feedback. While this is fairly reliable in terms of producing interesting results, I feel like it's obfuscating the powerful DC offsetting process since that's typically not an aspect of traditional audio production. As such, I'd like to create a program that allows one to manipulate DC offset prior to/following a distortion or feedback loop. Ultimately, I think this would be most helpful as an AU or VST plugin I could load in my DAW, however I'm not sure how authoring those works, so I'll stick to a stand-alone program for now.
Originally I wanted to use Rust for this, as I love its performance and safety features, however its rigorous low-level safety boundaries have made previous audio projects more complex than I'd like. As such, in this case I'll use Python - it has established history of usage for audio processing, and should make the development of this program a little quicker than it would be with Rust.
